# COP290: Task 1 Subtask 3

## About:
This analysis folder contains four folders with each folder representing the four methods.


## How to Run the Code:
1. After generating the executables bu using the code for each method in the code folder, transfer the executables to its respective folder in the analysis folder.
2. Run 
    ```
    ./run.sh videofilename baseline-runtime
    ```
    where, videofilename is the name of the traffic video without ```.mp4``` and baseline-runtime is the runtime of the subtask 2 code without skipping frames (78 seconds for Gaurav's Machine).

    in each method's respective folder to generate the results, and the graph plot for the respective method.
3.  The values of runtime, utility and no. of threads are the respective columns in the output file "err.txt".
4.  Graphs generated are stored as plot.png and plot1.png depending upon the methods.
5.  Each method's executable's queue density output is stored in the respective output folders of the respective methods.

## Description of Files:
There are four folders named M1,M2,M3 and M4. Each folder contains

1. A python script named ```compare.py``` which takes in two text files and computes the utility same as the one defined in the utility metric. To run the script use
    ```
    python3 compare.py file1 file2
    ```
    where, file1 is the output file generated by various methods and file2 is the standard output file.
2. A shell script named ```run.sh``` which takes in two parameters- video filename and base line runtime (as it can vary from system to system) and calls the executable generated by the code, background image, video file, python script and gnuplot to calculate the runtime for different parameters set in this shell script and corresponding utility values. Using gnuplot suitable graphs are plotted.
3. The output generated by the shell script and corresponding plots are also present in all method's folders.
## Authors-

* [T Abishek](https://github.com/abishek2188/) -   2019CS10407
* [Gaurav Jain](https://github.com/GAURAV-28)   -   2019CS10349

